The Surabaya mansion forbids fighting.
Personal grievances come outside the settlement page.
If you don't have 50 billion cash
The lion is here as a photo.
And you have to pay a 30% breach of contract penalty.
50 billion is nothing to me.
It's exactly this hatred.
I can't make 50 billion.
But you're going to slander me like this.
Then I can also report you.
It is clear that the government has locked down your company.
What does that have to do with me?
If not the house you own.
They'll never shut down my company.
Mr. Ip is afraid of being a little obsessed.
The trade war is you hole me, I hole you.
What's to blame?
Do you think the trade war is real?
It's using boiling water to bring down the fortune tree.
Stole the rich cat at the door?
Oh, Mr. Ben, I feel like my first priority is not to leave this lion in the picture.
Go ahead.
I paid 50 billion.
Aren't you done selling it to me?
Mr. Tang is ready to take over.
Nothing is impossible.
Wait, even though I can't get 50 billion dollars in cash.
But I can use my real estate as collateral.
The Dragon King couldn't be in such a hurry.
Can't you stop getting the lion's jewel today?
Long Than Group Head Office
Nam Thanh Hi-Tech Park worth at least 60 billion VND
I pressed it all in.
You can clean up now.
Mr. Ip.
Mr. Tong also prioritizes each other according to regulations.
Please forgive me.
It's okay, I bought it.
It's just fun.
Not like some Ye.
It's bankruptcy.
I admire your suicidal spirit.
It'll make you laugh later.